Class: 
------
A representation specifying the characteristics and behaviors of an object is called a class. It is not a real life entity but a template for representing real life entities.

A Class contain Properties & Behaviour of a Object.


Object:
-------
An object, which is an instance of a class is a real life entity which has some attributes and behaviors. The class determines the attributes and behaviors which an object should possess to belong to the class.

An Object is a instance of a Class. 
An Object have some Properties & Behaviour that are define in the Class.


Constructor
-----------
A constructor in Java is a special method that is used to initialize class variables at the time of object creation. 

Each time an object is created using the new() keyword, a constructor is called. A constructor can be created by the programmer. If the developer does not create any constructor, then, Java provides a default constructor. 

Constructors have the same name as that of the class and does not have a return type.


Encapsulation
--------------
Restricting access to data is called encapsulation.

They are used to specify access levels to control the visibility of a class and its members. This facilitates encapsulation. There are 4 such access modifiers in Java:

1. Public: Accessible from any other class

2. Private: Accessible only inside its own class

Protected: Accessible inside the same package and to the sub-classes in different packages. This will be discussed in detail later in the course.

3. Default: Accessible inside the same package. Members created without any access modifier will have this access.


Abstraction
-----------
OOP provide an abstraction that hides the internal implementation details. You just need to know the methods that are available to call and the input parameters required to call a method but you don’t need to know how the method is implemented.





Eg:	

class Car {		// Class
	
	// Properties
	String model;
	String brand;
	String colour;
	int maxSpeed;

	// Behaviour
	void Accelerate();
	void Brake();

	public static void main(String[] args) {

		Car c = new Car();	// c is an Object of Car class
	}
}
